# GANs for Facial Re-Enactment

Facial recognition is a popular topic within the space of neural networks and deep learning. There has been countless research on how to properly identify people’s faces in an image or video and predict different features on their faces. This proposal is to propose to write a short story about an emerging technology called ActGAN. According to its authors (source: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.13840.pdf), ActGAN is a “novel end-to-end generative adversarial network (GAN) for one-shot face reenactment”. The paper discusses in depth how they can transfer the facial expression of the source actor into a realistic photo of the target person.
  
In order to supplement the paper’s information for the short story, other sources explaining facial recognition and GANs will be used. In addition, other sources would be used to compare how ActGAN compares to other research on the similar topic. For example, another paper written about fine grained facial expression manipulation (source: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.03132.pdf) will be included in the short story to compare other existing research.
  
The proposal for the structure and formatting of the short story starts with the introduction of facial recognition, followed by a brief introduction of existing research around facial recognition and GANs that have been published for over a few years, and then introducing emerging technologies around facial recognition with ActGAN and fine grained facial expression manipulation. During the discussion of the newest technologies around facial recognition and GANs, the short story will also explain the proposed models that the sources have used for their research.
